[Governance] Custom Build Policies - Added Bicep framework (#842)
hlxsites/prisma-cloud-docs: docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/governance/custom-build-policies/custom-build-policies.adoc

You can create custom build policies for the following frameworks:

* *Terraform* - Policies written using Terraform attributes will apply for Terraform (.tf and plan files).

> * *Bicep*: Policies defined using Bicep syntax for tailored Azure resource governance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Bicep*: Policies defined using Bicep resources and attributes will apply for tailored Azure Bicep resource governance.
```

I see the others are treated this way.
